Harry Potter and the
Sorcerer's Stone
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone
Harry Potter
& The Sorcerers Stone
by J.K. Rowling
HP 1 - Harry Potter and the
Sorcerer's Stone
CHAPTER ONE
THE BOY WHO LIVED
M r. and Mrs. Dursley, of number four, Privet Drive, were proud to say
that they were perfectly normal, thank you very much. They were the last people
youd expect to be involved in anything strange or mysterious, because they just
didnt hold with such nonsense.
Mr. Dursley was the director of a firm called Grunnings, which made
drills. He was a big, beefy man with hardly any neck, although he did have a
very large mustache. Mrs. Dursley was thin and blonde and had nearly twice the
usual amount of neck, which came in very useful as she spent so much of her
time craning over garden fences, spying on the neighbors. The Dursleys had a
small son called Dudley and in their opinion there was no finer boy anywhere.
The Dursleys had everything they wanted, but they also had a secret, and
their greatest fear was that somebody would discover it. They didnt think they
could bear it if anyone found out about the Potters. Mrs. Potter was Mrs.
Dursleys sister, but they hadnt met for several years; in fact, Mrs. Dursley
pretended she didnt have a sister, because her sister and her good-for-nothing
husband were as unDursleyish as it was possible to be. The Dursleys shuddered
to think what the neighbors would say if the Potters arrived in the street. The
Dursleys knew that the Potters had a small son, too, but they had never even
seen him. This boy was another good reason for keeping the Potters away; they
didnt want Dudley mixing with a child like that.
When Mr. and Mrs. Dursley woke up on the dull, gray Tuesday our story
starts, there was nothing about the cloudy sky outside to suggest that strange and
mysterious things would soon be happening all over the country. Mr. Dursley
hummed as he picked out his most boring tie for work, and Mrs. Dursley
gossiped away happily as she wrestled a screaming Dudley into his high chair.
None of them noticed a large, tawny owl flutter past the window.
At half past eight, Mr. Dursley picked up his briefcase, pecked Mrs.
Dursley on the cheek, and tried to kiss Dudley good-bye but missed, because
Dudley was now having a tantrum and throwing his cereal at the walls.
Little tyke, chortled Mr. Dursley as he left the house. He got into his car
and backed out of number fours drive.
It was on the corner of the street that he noticed the first sign of
something peculiar  a cat reading a map. For a second, Mr. Dursley didnt
realize what he had seen  then he jerked his head around to look again. There
was a tabby cat standing on the corner of Privet Drive, but there wasnt a map in
sight. What could he have been thinking of? It must have been a trick of the
light. Mr. Dursley blinked and stared at the cat. It stared back. As Mr. Dursley
drove around the corner and up the road, he watched the cat in his mirror. It was
now reading the sign that said Privet Drive  no, looking at the sign; cats
couldnt read maps or signs. Mr. Dursley gave himself a little shake and put the
cat out of his mind. As he drove toward town he thought of nothing except a
large order of drills he was hoping to get that day.
But on the edge of town, drills were driven out of his mind by something
else. As he sat in the usual morning traffic jam, he couldnt help noticing that
there seemed to be a lot of strangely dressed people about. People in cloaks. Mr.
Dursley couldnt bear people who dressed in funny clothes  the getups you
saw on young people! He supposed this was some stupid new fashion. He
drummed his fingers on the steering wheel and his eyes fell on a huddle of these
weirdos standing quite close by. They were whispering excitedly together. Mr.
Dursley was enraged to see that a couple of them werent young at all; why, that
man had to be older than he was, and wearing an emerald-green cloak! The
nerve of him! But then it struck Mr. Dursley that this was probably some silly
stunt these people were obviously collecting for somethingyes, that would
be it. The traffic moved on and a few minutes later, Mr. Dursley arrived in the
Grunnings parking lot, his mind back on drills.
Mr. Dursley always sat with his back to the window in his office on the
ninth floor. If he hadnt, he might have found it harder to concentrate on drills
that morning. He didnt see the owls swooping past in broad daylight, though
people down in the street did; they pointed and gazed open-mouthed as owl after
owl sped overhead. Most of them had never seen an owl even at nighttime. Mr.
Dursley, however, had a perfectly normal, owl-free morning. He yelled at five
different people. He made several important telephone calls and shouted a bit
more. He was in a very good mood until lunchtime, when he thought hed stretch
his legs and walk across the road to buy himself a bun from the bakery.
Hed for gotten all about the people in cloaks until he passed a group of
them next to the bakers. He eyed them angrily as he passed. He didnt know
why, but they made him uneasy. This bunch were whispering excitedly, too, and
he couldnt see a single collecting tin. It was on his way back past them,
clutching a large doughnut in a bag, that he caught a few words of what they
were saying.
The Potters, thats right, thats what I heard 
  yes, their son, Harry 
Mr. Dursley stopped dead. Fear flooded him. He looked back at the
whisperers as if he wanted to say something to them, but thought better of it.
He dashed back across the road, hurried up to his office, snapped at his
secretary not to disturb him, seized his telephone, and had almost finished
dialing his home number when he changed his mind. He put the receiver back
down and stroked his mustache, thinkingno, he was being stupid. Potter
wasnt such an unusual name. He was sure there were lots of people called Potter
who had a son called Harry. Come to think of it, he wasnt even sure his nephew
was called Harry. Hed never even seen the boy. It might have been Harvey. Or
Harold. There was no point in worrying Mrs. Dursley; she always got so upset at
any mention of her sister. He didnt blame her  if hed had a sister like that
but all the same, those people in cloaks.
He found it a lot harder to concentrate on drills that afternoon and when
he left the building at five oclock, he was still so worried that he walked straight
into someone just outside the door.
Sorry, he grunted, as the tiny old man stumbled and almost fell. It was
a few seconds before Mr. Dursley realized that the man was wearing a violet
cloak. He didnt seem at all upset at being almost knocked to the ground. On the
contrary, his face split into a wide smile and he said in a squeaky voice that made
passersby stare, Dont be sorry, my dear sir, for nothing could upset me today!
Rejoice, for You-Know-Who has gone at last! Even Muggles like yourself
should be celebrating, this happy, happy day!
And the old man hugged Mr. Dursley around the middle and walked off.
Mr. Dursley stood rooted to the spot. He had been hugged by a complete
stranger. He also thought he had been called a Muggle, whatever that was. He
was rattled. He hurried to his car and set off for home, hoping he was imagining
things, which he had never hoped before, because he didnt approve of
imagination.
As he pulled into the driveway of number four, the first thing he saw 
and it didnt improve his mood  was the tabby cat hed spotted that morning. It
was now sitting on his garden wall. He was sure it was the same one; it had the
same markings around its eyes.
Shoo! said Mr. Dursley loudly.
The cat didnt move. It just gave him a stern look. Was this normal cat
behavior? Mr. Dursley wondered. Trying to pull himself together, he let himself
into the house. He was still determined not to mention anything to his wife.
Mrs. Dursley had had a nice, normal day. She told him over dinner all
about Mrs. Next Doors problems with her daughter and how Dudley had
learned a new word (Wont!). Mr. Dursley tried to act normally. When Dudley
had been put to bed, he went into the living room in time to catch the last report
on the evening news:
And finally, bird-watchers everywhere have reported that the nations
owls have been behaving very unusually today. Although owls normally hunt at
night and are hardly ever seen in daylight, there have been hundreds of sightings
of these birds flying in every direction since sunrise. Experts are unable to
explain why the owls have suddenly changed their sleeping pattern. The
newscaster allowed himself a grin. Most mysterious. And now, over to Jim
McGuffin with the weather. Going to be any more showers of owls tonight,
Jim?
Well, Ted, said the weatherman, I dont know about that, but its not
only the owls that have been acting oddly today. Viewers as far apart as Kent,
Yorkshire, and Dundee have been phoning in to tell me that instead of the rain I
promised yesterday, theyve had a downpour of shooting stars! Perhaps people
have been celebrating Bonfire Night early  its not until next week, folks! But
I can promise a wet night tonight.
Mr. Dursley sat frozen in his armchair. Shooting stars all over Britain?
Owls flying by daylight? Mysterious people in cloaks all over the place? And a
whisper, a whisper about the Potters.
Mrs. Dursley came into the living room carrying two cups of tea. It was
no good. Hed have to say something to her. He cleared his throat nervously. Er
 Petunia, dear  you havent heard from your sister lately, have you?
As he had expected, Mrs. Dursley looked shocked and angry. After all,
they normally pretended she didnt have a sister.
No, she said sharply. Why?
Funny stuff on the news, Mr. Dursley mumbled. Owlsshooting
starsand there were a lot of funny-looking people in town today.
So? snapped Mrs. Dursley.
Well, I just thoughtmaybeit was something to do withyou
knowher crowd.
Mrs. Dursley sipped her tea through pursed lips. Mr. Dursley wondered
whether he dared tell her hed heard the name Potter. He decided he didnt
dare. Instead he said, as casually as he could, Their son  hed be about
Dudleys age now, wouldnt he?
I suppose so, said Mrs. Dursley stiffly.
Whats his name again? Howard, isnt it?
Harry. Nasty, common name, if you ask me.
Oh, yes, said Mr. Dursley, his heart sinking horribly. Yes, I quite
agree.
He didnt say another word on the subject as they went upstairs to bed.
While Mrs. Dursley was in the bathroom, Mr. Dursley crept to the bedroom
window and peered down into the front garden. The cat was still there. It was
staring down Privet Drive as though it were waiting for something.
Was he imagining things? Could all this have anything to do with the
Potters? If it did...if it got out that they were related to a pair of  well, he didnt
think he could bear it.
The Dursleys got into bed. Mrs. Dursley fell asleep quickly but Mr.
Dursley lay awake, turning it all over in his mind. His last, comforting thought
before he fell asleep was that even if the Potters were involved, there was no
reason for them to come near him and Mrs. Dursley. The Potters knew very well
what he and Petunia thought about them and their kind....He couldnt see how he
and Petunia could get mixed up in anything that might be going on  he
yawned and turned over  it couldnt affect them.
How very wrong he was.
Mr. Dursley might have been drifting into an uneasy sleep, but the cat on
the wall outside was showing no sign of sleepiness. It was sitting as still as a
statue, its eyes fixed unblinkingly on the far corner of Privet Drive. It didnt so
much as quiver when a car door slammed on the next street, nor when two owls
swooped overhead. In fact, it was nearly midnight before the cat moved at all.
A man appeared on the corner the cat had been watching, appeared so
suddenly and silently youd have thought hed just popped out of the ground.
The cats tail twitched and its eyes narrowed.
Nothing like this man had ever been seen on Privet Drive. He was tall,
thin, and very old, judging by the silver of his hair and beard, which were both
long enough to tuck into his belt. He was wearing long robes, a purple cloak that
swept the ground, and high-heeled, buckled boots. His blue eyes were light,
bright, and sparkling behind half-moon spectacles and his nose was very long
and crooked, as though it had been broken at least twice. This mans name was
Albus Dumbledore.
Albus Dumbledore didnt seem to realize that he had just arrived in a
street where everything from his name to his boots was unwelcome. He was
busy rummaging in his cloak, looking for something. But he did seem to realize
he was being watched, because he looked up suddenly at the cat, which was still
staring at him from the other end of the street. For some reason, the sight of the
cat seemed to amuse him. He chuckled and muttered, I should have known.
He found what he was looking for in his inside pocket. It seemed to be a
silver cigarette lighter. He flicked it open, held it up in the air, and clicked it. The
nearest street lamp went out with a little pop. He clicked it again  the next
lamp flickered into darkness. Twelve times he clicked the Put-Outer, until the
only lights left on the whole street were two tiny pinpricks in the distance, which
were the eyes of the cat watching him. If anyone looked out of their window
now, even beady-eyed Mrs. Dursley, they wouldnt be able to see anything that
was happening down on the pavement. Dumbledore slipped the Put-Outer back
inside his cloak and set off down the street toward number four, where he sat
down on the wall next to the cat. He didnt look at it, but after a moment he
spoke to it.
Fancy seeing you here, Professor McGonagall.
He turned to smile at the tabby, but it had gone. Instead he was smiling at
a rather severe-looking woman who was wearing square glasses exactly the
shape of the markings the cat had had around its eyes. She, too, was wearing a
cloak, an emerald one. Her black hair was drawn into a tight bun. She looked
distinctly ruffled.
How did you know it was me? she asked.
My dear Professor, Ive never seen a cat sit so stiffly.
Youd be stiff if youd been sitting on a brick wall all day, said
Professor McGonagall.
All day? When you could have been celebrating? I must have passed a
dozen feasts and parties on my way here.
Professor McGonagall sniffed angrily.
Oh yes, Ive celebrating, all right, she said impatiently. Youd think
theyd be a bit more careful, but no even the Muggles have noticed
somethings going on. It was on their news. She jerked her head back at the
Dursleys dark living-room window. I heard it. Flocks of owlsshooting
starsWell, theyre not completely stupid. They were bound to notice
something. Shooting stars down in Kent  Ill bet that was Dedalus Diggle. He
never had much sense.
You cant blame them, said Dumbledore gently. Weve had precious
little to celebrate for eleven years.
I know that, said Professor McGonagall irritably. But thats no reason
to lose our heads. People are being downright careless, out on the streets in
broad daylight, not even dressed in Muggle clothes, swapping rumors.
She threw a sharp, sideways glance at Dumbledore here, as though
hoping he was going to tell her something, but he didnt, so she went on. A fine
thing it would be if, on the very day You-Know-Who seems to have disappeared
at last, the Muggles found out about us all. I suppose he really has gone,
Dumbledore?
It certainly seems so, said Dumbledore. We have much to be thankful
for. Would you care for a lemon drop?
A what?
A lemon drop. Theyre a kind of Muggle sweet Im rather fond of.
No, thank you, said Professor McGonagall coldly, as though she didnt
think this was the moment for lemon drops. As I say, even if You-Know-Who
has gone 
My dear Professor, surely a sensible person like yourself can call him by
his name? All this You-Know-Who nonsense  for eleven years I have been
trying to persuade people to call him by his proper name: Voldemort. Professor
McGonagall flinched, but Dumbledore, who was unsticking two lemon drops,
seemed not to notice. It all gets so confusing if we keep saying You-Know-
Who. I have never seen any reason to be frightened of saying Voldemorts
name.
I know you havent, said Professor McGonagall, sounding half
exasperated, half admiring. But youre different. Everyone knows youre the
only one You-Know- oh, all right, Voldemort, was frightened of.
You flatter me, said Dumbledore calmly. Voldemort had powers I will
never have.
Only because youre too  well  noble to use them.
Its lucky its dark. I havent blushed so much since Madam Pomfrey
told me she liked my new earmuffs.
Professor McGonagall shot a sharp look at Dumbledore and said The
owls are nothing next to the rumors that are flying around. You know what
theyre saying? About why hes disappeared? About what finally stopped him?
It seemed that Professor McGonagall had reached the point she was most
anxious to discuss, the real reason she had been waiting on a cold, hard wall all
day, for neither as a cat nor as a woman had she fixed Dumbledore with such a
piercing stare as she did now. It was plain that whatever everyone was saying,
she was not going to believe it until Dumbledore told her it was true.
Dumbledore, however, was choosing another lemon drop and did not answer.
What theyre saying, she pressed on, is that last night Voldemort
turned up in Godrics Hollow. He went to find the Potters. The rumor is that Lily
and James Potter are  are  that theyre  dead.
Dumbledore bowed his head. Professor McGonagall gasped.
Lily and JamesI cant believe itI didnt want to believe itOh,
Albus
Dumbledore reached out and patted her on the shoulder. I knowI
know he said heavily.
Professor McGonagalls voice trembled as she went on. Thats not all.
Theyre saying he tried to kill the Potters son, Harry. But he couldnt. He
couldnt kill that little boy. No one knows why, or how, but theyre saying that
when he couldnt kill Harry Potter, Voldemorts power somehow broke  and
thats why hes gone.
Dumbledore nodded glumly.
Its  its true? faltered Professor McGonagall. After all hes done
all the people hes killedhe couldnt kill a little boy? Its just astoundingof
all the things to stop himbut how in the name of heaven did Harry survive?
We can only guess. said Dumbledore. We may never know.
Professor McGonagall pulled out a lace handkerchief and dabbed at her
eyes beneath her spectacles. Dumbledore gave a great sniff as he took a golden
watch from his pocket and examined it. It was a very odd watch. It had twelve
hands but no numbers; instead, little planets were moving around the edge. It
must have made sense to Dumbledore, though, because he put it back in his
pocket and said, Hagrids late. I suppose it was he who told you Id be here, by
the way?
Yes, said Professor McGonagall. And I dont suppose youre going to
tell me why youre here, of all places?
Ive come to bring Harry to his aunt and uncle. Theyre the only family
he has left now.
You dont mean  you cant mean the people who live here? cried
Professor McGonagall, jumping to her feet and pointing at number four.
Dumbledore  you cant. Ive been watching them all day. You couldnt find
two people who are less like us. And theyve got this son  I saw him kicking
his mother all the way up the street, screaming for sweets. Harry Potter come
and live here!
Its the best place for him, said Dumbledore firmly. His aunt and
uncle will be able to explain everything to him when hes older. Ive written
them a letter.
A letter? repeated Professor McGonagall faintly, sitting back down on
the wall. Really, Dumbledore, you think you can explain all this in a letter?
These people will never understand him! Hell be famous  a legend  I
wouldnt be surprised if today was known as Harry Potter day in the future 
there will be books written about Harry  every child in our world will know
his name!
Exactly. said Dumbledore, looking very seriously over the top of his
half-moon glasses. It would be enough to turn any boys head. Famous before
he can walk and talk! Famous for something he wont even remember! Can you
see how much better off hell be, growing up away from all that until hes ready
to take it?
Professor McGonagall opened her mouth, changed her mind, swallowed,
and then said, Yes  yes, youre right, of course. But how is the boy getting
here, Dumbledore? She eyed his cloak suddenly as though she thought he might
be hiding Harry underneath it.
Hagrids bringing him.
You think it  wise  to trust Hagrid with something as important as
this?
I would trust Hagrid with my life, said Dumbledore.
Im not saying his heart isnt in the right place, said Professor
McGonagall grudgingly, but you cant pretend hes not careless. He does tend
to  what was that?
A low rumbling sound had broken the silence around them. It grew
steadily louder as they looked up and down the street for some sign of a
headlight; it swelled to a roar as they both looked up at the sky  and a huge
motorcycle fell out of the air and landed on the road in front of them.
If the motorcycle was huge, it was nothing to the man sitting astride it.
He was almost twice as tall as a normal man and at least five times as wide. He
looked simply too big to be allowed, and so wild  long tangles of bushy black
hair and beard hid most of his face, he had hands the size of trash can lids, and
his feet in their leather boots were like baby dolphins. In his vast, muscular arms
he was holding a bundle of blankets.
Hagrid, said Dumbledore, sounding relieved. At last. And where did
you get that motorcycle?
Borrowed it, Professor Dumbledore, sir, said the giant, climbing
carefully off the motorcycle as he spoke. Young Sirius Black lent it to me. Ive
got him, sir.
No problems, were there?
No, sir  house was almost destroyed, but I got him out all right before
the Muggles started swarmin around. He fell asleep as we was flyin over
Bristol.
Dumbledore and Professor McGonagall bent forward over the bundle of
blankets. Inside, just visible, was a baby boy, fast asleep. Under a tuft of jetblack
hair over his forehead they could see a curiously shaped cut, like a bolt of
lightning.
Is that where ? whispered Professor McGonagall.
Yes, said Dumbledore. Hell have that scar forever.
Couldnt you do something about it, Dumbledore?
Even if I could, I wouldnt. Scars can come in handy. I have one myself
above my left knee that is a perfect map of the London Underground. Well 
give him here, Hagrid  wed better get this over with.
Dumbledore took Harry in his arms and turned toward the Dursleys
house.
Could I  could I say good-bye to him, sir? asked Hagrid. He bent his
great, shaggy head over Harry and gave him what must have been a very
scratchy, whiskery kiss. Then, suddenly, Hagrid let out a howl like a wounded
dog.
Shhh! hissed Professor McGonagall, Youll wake the Muggles!
S-s-sorry, sobbed Hagrid, taking out a large, spotted handkerchief and
burying his face in it. But I c-c-cant stand it Lily an James dead  an poor
little Harry off ter live with Muggles 
Yes, yes, its all very sad, but get a grip on yourself, Hagrid, or well be
found, Professor McGonagall whispered, patting Hagrid gingerly on the arm as
Dumbledore stepped over the low garden wall and walked to the front door. He
laid Harry gently on the doorstep, took a letter out of his cloak, tucked it inside
Harrys blankets, and then came back to the other two. For a full minute the
three of them stood and looked at the little bundle; Hagrids shoulders shook,
Professor McGonagall blinked furiously, and the twinkling light that usually
shone from Dumbledores eyes seemed to have gone out.
Well, said Dumbledore finally, thats that. Weve no business staying
here. We may as well go and join the celebrations.
Yeah, said Hagrid in a very muffled voice, Ill be takin Sirius his bike
back. Gnight, Professor McGonagall  Professor Dumbledore, sir.
Wiping his streaming eyes on his jacket sleeve, Hagrid swung himself
onto the motorcycle and kicked the engine into life; with a roar it rose into the
air and off into the night.
I shall see you soon, I expect, Professor McGonagall, said
Dumbledore, nodding to her. Professor McGonagall blew her nose in reply.
Dumbledore turned and walked back down the street. On the corner he
stopped and took out the silver Put-Outer. He clicked it once, and twelve balls of
light sped back to their street lamps so that Privet Drive glowed suddenly orange
and he could make out a tabby cat slinking around the corner at the other end of
the street. He could just see the bundle of blankets on the step of number four.
Good luck, Harry, he murmured. He turned on his heel and with a
swish of his cloak, he was gone.
A breeze ruffled the neat hedges of Privet Drive, which lay silent and tidy
under the inky sky, the very last place you would expect astonishing things to
happen. Harry Potter rolled over inside his blankets without waking up. One
small hand closed on the letter beside him and he slept on, not knowing he was
special, not knowing he was famous, not knowing he would be woken in a few
hours time by Mrs. Dursleys scream as she opened the front door to put out the
milk bottles, nor that he would spend the next few weeks being prodded and
pinched by his cousin Dudley....He couldnt know that at this very moment,
people meeting in secret all over the country were holding up their glasses and
saying in hushed voices: To Harry Potter  the boy who lived!
HP 1 - Harry Potter and the
Sorcerer's Stone
CHAPTER TWO
THE VANISHING GLASS
N early ten years had passed since the Dursleys had woken up to find their
nephew on the front step, but Privet Drive had hardly changed at all. The sun
rose on the same tidy front gardens and lit up the brass number four on the
Dursleys front door; it crept into their living room, which was almost exactly
the same as it had been on the night when Mr. Dursley had seen that fateful news
report about the owls. Only the photographs on the mantelpiece really showed
how much time had passed. Ten years ago, there had been lots of pictures of
what looked like a large pink beach ball wearing different-colored bonnets 
but Dudley Dursley was no longer a baby, and now the photographs showed a
large blond boy riding his first bicycle, on a carousel at the fair, playing a
computer game with his father, being hugged and kissed by his mother. The
room held no sign at all that another boy lived in the house, too.
Yet Harry Potter was still there, asleep at the moment, but not for long.
His Aunt Petunia was awake and it was her shrill voice that made the first noise
of the day.
Up! Get up! Now!
Harry woke with a start. His aunt rapped on the door again.
Up! she screeched. Harry heard her walking toward the kitchen and
then the sound of the frying pan being put on the stove. He rolled onto his back
and tried to remember the dream he had been having. It had been a good one.
There had been a flying motorcycle in it. He had a funny feeling hed had the
same dream before.
His aunt was back outside the door.
Are you up yet? she demanded.
Nearly, said Harry.
Well, get a move on, I want you to look after the bacon. And dont you
dare let it burn, I want everything perfect on Duddys birthday.
Harry groaned.
What did you say? his aunt snapped through the door.
Nothing, nothing
Dudleys birthday  how could he have forgotten? Harry got slowly out
of bed and started looking for socks. He found a pair under his bed and, after
pulling a spider off one of them, put them on. Harry was used to spiders, because
the cupboard under the stairs was full of them, and that was where he slept.
When he was dressed he went down the hall into the kitchen. The table
was almost hidden beneath all Dudleys birthday presents. It looked as though
Dudley had gotten the new computer he wanted, not to mention the second
television and the racing bike. Exactly why Dudley wanted a racing bike was a
mystery to Harry, as Dudley was very fat and hated exercise  unless of course
it involved punching somebody. Dudleys favorite punching bag was Harry, but
he couldnt often catch him. Harry didnt look it, but he was very fast.
Perhaps it had something to do with living in a dark cupboard, but Harry
had always been small and skinny for his age. He looked even smaller and
skinnier than he really was because all he had to wear were old clothes of
Dudleys, and Dudley was about four times bigger than he was. Harry had a thin
face, knobbly knees, black hair, and bright green eyes. He wore round glasses
held together with a lot of Scotch tape because of all the times Dudley had
punched him on the nose. The only thing Harry liked about his own appearance
was a very thin scar on his forehead that was shaped like a bolt of lightning. He
had had it as long as he could remember, and the first question he could ever
remember asking his Aunt Petunia was how he had gotten it.
In the car crash when your parents died, she had said. And dont ask
questions.
Dont ask questions  that was the first rule for a quiet life with the
Dursleys.
Uncle Vernon entered the kitchen as Harry was turning over the bacon.
Comb your hair! he barked, by way of a morning greeting.
About once a week, Uncle Vernon looked over the top of his newspaper
and shouted that Harry needed a haircut. Harry must have had more haircuts than
the rest of the boys in his class put together, but it made no difference, his hair
simply grew that way  all over the place.
Harry was frying eggs by the time Dudley arrived in the kitchen with his
mother. Dudley looked a lot like Uncle Vernon. He had a large pink face, not
much neck, small, watery blue eyes, and thick blond hair that lay smoothly on
his thick, fat head. Aunt Petunia often said that Dudley looked like a baby angel
 Harry often said that Dudley looked like a pig in a wig.
Harry put the plates of egg and bacon on the table, which was difficult as
there wasnt much room. Dudley, meanwhile, was counting his presents. His
face fell.
Thirty-six, he said, looking up at his mother and father. Thats two
less than last year.
Darling, you havent counted Auntie Marges present, see, its here
under this big one from Mummy and Daddy.
All right, thirty-seven then, said Dudley, going red in the face. Harry,
who could see a huge Dudley tantrum coming on, began wolfing down his bacon
as fast as possible in case Dudley turned the table over.
Aunt Petunia obviously scented danger, too, because she said quickly,
And well buy you another two presents while were out today. Hows that,
popkin? Two more presents. Is that all right
Dudley thought for a moment. It looked like hard work. Finally he said
slowly, So Ill have thirty...thirty...
Thirty-nine, sweetums, said Aunt Petunia.
Oh. Dudley sat down heavily and grabbed the nearest parcel. All right
then.
Uncle Vernon chuckled.
Little tyke wants his moneys worth, just like his father. Atta boy,
Dudley! He ruffled Dudleys hair.
At that moment the telephone rang and Aunt Petunia went to answer it
while Harry and Uncle Vernon watched Dudley unwrap the racing bike, a video
camera, a remote control airplane, sixteen new computer games, and a VCR. He
was ripping the paper off a gold wristwatch when Aunt Petunia came back from
the telephone looking both angry and worried.
Bad news, Vernon, she said. Mrs. Figgs broken her leg. She cant
take him. She jerked her head in Harrys direction.
Dudleys mouth fell open in horror, but Harrys heart gave a leap. Every
year on Dudleys birthday, his parents took him and a friend out for the day, to
adventure parks, hamburger restaurants, or the movies. Every year, Harry was
left behind with Mrs. Figg, a mad old lady who lived two streets away. Harry
hated it there. The whole house smelled of cabbage and Mrs. Figg made him
look at photographs of all the cats shed ever owned.
Now what? said Aunt Petunia, looking furiously at Harry as though
hed planned this. Harry knew he ought to feel sorry that Mrs. Figg had broken
her leg, but it wasnt easy when he reminded himself it would be a whole year
before he had to look at Tibbles, Snowy, Mr. Paws, and Tufty again.
We could phone Marge, Uncle Vernon suggested.
Dont be silly, Vernon, she hates the boy.
The Dursleys often spoke about Harry like this, as though he wasnt there
 or rather, as though he was something very nasty that couldnt understand
them, like a slug.
What about whats-her-name, your friend  Yvonne?
On vacation in Majorca, snapped Aunt Petunia.
You could just leave me here, Harry put in hopefully (hed be able to
watch what he wanted on television for a change and maybe even have a go on
Dudleys computer).
Aunt Petunia looked as though shed just swallowed a lemon.
And come back and find the house in ruins? she snarled.
I wont blow up the house, said Harry, but they werent listening.
I suppose we could take him to the zoo, said Aunt Petunia slowly, 
and leave him in the car.
That cars new, hes not sitting in it alone.
Dudley began to cry loudly. In fact, he wasnt really crying  it had
been years since hed really cried  but he knew that if he screwed up his face
and wailed, his mother would give him anything he wanted.
Dinky Duddydums, dont cry, Mummy wont let him spoil your special
day! she cried, flinging her arms around him.
Idontwanthimt-t-to come! Dudley yelled between huge,
pretend sobs. He always sp-spoils everything! He shot Harry a nasty grin
through the gap in his mothers arms.
Just then, the doorbell rang  Oh, good Lord, theyre here! said Aunt
Petunia frantically  and a moment later, Dudleys best friend, Piers Polkiss,
walked in with his mother. Piers was a scrawny boy with a face like a rat. He
was usually the one who held peoples arms behind their backs while Dudley hit
them. Dudley stopped pretending to cry at once.
Half an hour later, Harry, who couldnt believe his luck, was sitting in the
back of the Dursleys car with Piers and Dudley, on the way to the zoo for the
first time in his life. His aunt and uncle hadnt been able to think of anything else
to do with him, but before theyd left, Uncle Vernon had taken Harry aside.
Im warning you, he had said, putting his large purple face right up
close to Harrys, Im warning you now, boy  any funny business, anything at
all  and youll be in that cupboard from now until Christmas.
Im not going to do anything, said Harry, honestly
But Uncle Vernon didnt believe him. No one ever did.
The problem was, strange things often happened around Harry and it was
just no good telling the Dursleys he didnt make them happen.
Once, Aunt Petunia, tired of Harry coming back from the barbers looking
as though he hadnt been at all, had taken a pair of kitchen scissors and cut his
hair so short he was almost bald except for his bangs, which she left to hide that
horrible scar. Dudley had laughed himself silly at Harry, who spent a sleepless
night imagining school the next day, where he was already laughed at for his
baggy clothes and taped glasses. Next morning, however, he had gotten up to
find his hair exactly as it had been before Aunt Petunia had sheared it off He had
been given a week in his cupboard for this, even though he had tried to explain
that he couldnt explain how it had grown back so quickly.
Another time, Aunt Petunia had been trying to force him into a revolting
old sweater of Dudleys (brown with orange puff balls). The harder she tried to
pull it over his head, the smaller it seemed to become, until finally it might have
fitted a hand puppet, but certainly wouldnt fit Harry. Aunt Petunia had decided
it must have shrunk in the wash and, to his great relief, Harry wasnt punished.
On the other hand, hed gotten into terrible trouble for being found on the
roof of the school kitchens. Dudleys gang had been chasing him as usual when,
as much to Harrys surprise as anyone elses, there he was sitting on the
chimney. The Dursleys had received a very angry letter from Harrys
headmistress telling them Harry had been climbing school buildings. But all hed
tried to do (as he shouted at Uncle Vernon through the locked door of his
cupboard) was jump behind the big trash cans outside the kitchen doors. Harry
supposed that the wind must have caught him in mid-jump.
But today, nothing was going to go wrong. It was even worth being with
Dudley and Piers to be spending the day somewhere that wasnt school, his
cupboard, or Mrs. Figgs cabbage-smelling living room.
While he drove, Uncle Vernon complained to Aunt Petunia. He liked to
complain about things: people at work, Harry, the council, Harry, the bank, and
Harry were just a few of his favorite subjects. This morning, it was motorcycles.
roaring along like maniacs, the young hoodlums, he said, as a
motorcycle overtook them.
I had a dream about a motorcycle, said Harry, remembering suddenly.
It was flying.
Uncle Vernon nearly crashed into the car in front. He turned right around
in his seat and yelled at Harry, his face like a gigantic beet with a mustache:
MOTORCYCLES DONT FLY!
Dudley and Piers sniggered.
I know they dont, said Harry. It was only a dream.
But he wished he hadnt said anything. If there was one thing the
Dursleys hated even more than his asking questions, it was his talking about
anything acting in a way it shouldnt, no matter if it was in a dream or even a
cartoon  they seemed to think he might get dangerous ideas.
It was a very sunny Saturday and the zoo was crowded with families. The
Dursleys bought Dudley and Piers large chocolate ice creams at the entrance and
then, because the smiling lady in the van had asked Harry what he wanted before
they could hurry him away, they bought him a cheap lemon ice pop. It wasnt
bad, either, Harry thought, licking it as they watched a gorilla scratching its head
who looked remarkably like Dudley, except that it wasnt blond.
Harry had the best morning hed had in a long time. He was careful to
walk a little way apart from the Dursleys so that Dudley and Piers, who were
starting to get bored with the animals by lunchtime, wouldnt fall back on their
favorite hobby of hitting him. They ate in the zoo restaurant, and when Dudley
had a tantrum because his knickerbocker glory didnt have enough ice cream on
top, Uncle Vernon bought him another one and Harry was allowed to finish the
first.
Harry felt, afterward, that he should have known it was all too good to
last.
After lunch they went to the reptile house. It was cool and dark in there,
with lit windows all along the walls. Behind the glass, all sorts of lizards and
snakes were crawling and slithering over bits of wood and stone. Dudley and
Piers wanted to see huge, poisonous cobras and thick, man-crushing pythons.
Dudley quickly found the largest snake in the place. It could have wrapped its
body twice around Uncle Vernons car and crushed it into a trash can  but at
the moment it didnt look in the mood. In fact, it was fast asleep.
Dudley stood with his nose pressed against the glass, staring at the
glistening brown coils.
Make it move, he whined at his father. Uncle Vernon tapped on the
glass, but the snake didnt budge.
Do it again, Dudley ordered. Uncle Vernon rapped the glass smartly
with his knuckles, but the snake just snoozed on.
This is boring, Dudley moaned. He shuffled away.
Harry moved in front of the tank and looked intently at the snake. He
wouldnt have been surprised if it had died of boredom itself  no company
except stupid people drumming their fingers on the glass trying to disturb it all
day long. It was worse than having a cupboard as a bedroom, where the only
visitor was Aunt Petunia hammering on the door to wake you up; at least he got
to visit the rest of the house.
The snake suddenly opened its beady eyes. Slowly, very slowly, it raised
its head until its eyes were on a level with Harrys.
It winked.
Harry stared. Then he looked quickly around to see if anyone was
watching. They werent. He looked back at the snake and winked, too.
The snake jerked its head toward Uncle Vernon and Dudley, then raised
its eyes to the ceiling. It gave Harry a look that said quite plainly:
I get that all the time.
I know, Harry murmured through the glass, though he wasnt sure the
snake could hear him. It must be really annoying.
The snake nodded vigorously.
Where do you come from, anyway? Harry asked.
The snake jabbed its tail at a little sign next to the glass. Harry peered at
it.
Boa Constrictor, Brazil.
Was it nice there?
The boa constrictor jabbed its tail at the sign again and Harry read on:
This specimen was bred in the zoo. Oh, I see  so youve never been to
Brazil?
As the snake shook its head, a deafening shout behind Harry made both
of them jump. DUDLEY! MR. DURSLEY! COME AND LOOK AT THIS
SNAKE! YOU WONT BELIEVE WHAT ITS DOING!
Dudley came waddling toward them as fast as he could.
Out of the way, you, he said, punching Harry in the ribs. Caught by
surprise, Harry fell hard on the concrete floor. What came next happened so fast
no one saw how it happened  one second, Piers and Dudley were leaning right
up close to the glass, the next, they had leapt back with howls of horror.
Harry sat up and gasped; the glass front of the boa constrictors tank had
vanished. The great snake was uncoiling itself rapidly, slithering out onto the
floor. People throughout the reptile house screamed and started running for the
exits.
As the snake slid swiftly past him, Harry could have sworn a low, hissing
voice said, Brazil, here I come. Thanksss, amigo.
The keeper of the reptile house was in shock.
But the glass, he kept saying, where did the glass go?
The zoo director himself made Aunt Petunia a cup of strong, sweet tea
while he apologized over and over again. Piers and Dudley could only gibber. As
far as Harry had seen, the snake hadnt done anything except snap playfully at
their heels as it passed, but by the time they were all back in Uncle Vernons car,
Dudley was telling them how it had nearly bitten off his leg, while Piers was
swearing it had tried to squeeze him to death. But worst of all, for Harry at least,
was Piers calming down enough to say, Harry was talking to it, werent you,
Harry?
Uncle Vernon waited until Piers was safely out of the house before
starting on Harry. He was so angry he could hardly speak. He managed to say,
Go  cupboard  stay  no meals, before he collapsed into a chair, and
Aunt Petunia had to run and get him a large brandy.
Harry lay in his dark cupboard much later, wishing he had a watch. He didnt
know what time it was and he couldnt be sure the Dursleys were asleep yet.
Until they were, he couldnt risk sneaking to the kitchen for some food.
Hed lived with the Dursleys almost ten years, ten miserable years, as
long as he could remember, ever since hed been a baby and his parents had died
in that car crash. He couldnt remember being in the car when his parents had
died. Sometimes, when he strained his memory during long hours in his
cupboard, he came up with a strange vision: a blinding flash of green light and a
burning pain on his forehead. This, he supposed, was the crash, though he
couldnt imagine where all the green light came from. He couldnt remember his
parents at all. His aunt and uncle never spoke about them, and of course he was
forbidden to ask questions. There were no photographs of them in the house.
When he had been younger, Harry had dreamed and dreamed of some
unknown relation coming to take him away, but it had never happened; the
Dursleys were his only family. Yet sometimes he thought (or maybe hoped) that
strangers in the street seemed to know him. Very strange strangers they were,
too. A tiny man in a violet top hat had bowed to him once while out shopping
with Aunt Petunia and Dudley. After asking Harry furiously if he knew the man,
Aunt Petunia had rushed them out of the shop without buying anything. A wildlooking
old woman dressed all in green had waved merrily at him once on a bus.
A bald man in a very long purple coat had actually shaken his hand in the street
the other day and then walked away without a word. The weirdest thing about all
these people was the way they seemed to vanish the second Harry tried to get a
closer look.
At school, Harry had no one. Everybody knew that Dudleys gang hated
that odd Harry Potter in his baggy old clothes and broken glasses, and nobody
liked to disagree with Dudleys gang.
HP 1 - Harry Potter and the
Sorcerer's Stone
CHAPTER THREE
LETTERS FROM NO ONE
T he escape of the Brazilian boa constrictor earned Harry his longest-ever
punishment. By the time he was allowed out of his cupboard again, the summer
holidays had started and Dudley had already broken his new video camera,
crashed his remote control airplane, and, first time out on his racing bike,
knocked down old Mrs. Figg as she crossed Privet Drive on her crutches.
Harry was glad school was over, but there was no escaping Dudleys
gang, who visited the house every single day. Piers, Dennis, Malcolm, and
Gordon were all big and stupid, but as Dudley was the biggest and stupidest of
the lot, he was the leader. The rest of them were all quite happy to join in
Dudleys favorite sport: Harry Hunting.
This was why Harry spent as much time as possible out of the house,
wandering around and thinking about the end of the holidays, where he could see
a tiny ray of hope. When September came he would be going off to secondary
school and, for the first time in his life, he wouldnt be with Dudley. Dudley had
been accepted at Uncle Vernons old private school, Smeltings. Piers Polkiss was
going there too. Harry, on the other hand, was going to Stonewall High, the local
public school. Dudley thought this was very funny.
They stuff peoples heads down the toilet the first day at Stonewall, he
told Harry. Want to come upstairs and practice?
No, thanks, said Harry. The poor toilets never had anything as
horrible as your head down it  it might be sick. Then he ran, before Dudley
could work out what hed said.
One day in July, Aunt Petunia took Dudley to London to buy his
Smeltings uniform, leaving Harry at Mrs. Figgs. Mrs. Figg wasnt as bad as
usual. It turned out shed broken her leg tripping over one of her cats, and she
didnt seem quite as fond of them as before. She let Harry watch television and
gave him a bit of chocolate cake that tasted as though shed had it for several
years.
That evening, Dudley paraded around the living room for the family in
his brand-new uniform. Smeltings boys wore maroon tailcoats, orange
knickerbockers, and flat straw hats called boaters. They also carried knobbly
sticks, used for hitting each other while the teachers werent looking. This was
supposed to be good training for later life.
As he looked at Dudley in his new knickerbockers, Uncle Vernon said
gruffly that it was the proudest moment of his life. Aunt Petunia burst into tears
and said she couldnt believe it was her Ickle Dudleykins, he looked so
handsome and grown-up. Harry didnt trust himself to speak. He thought two of
his ribs might already have cracked from trying not to laugh.
* * *
There was a horrible smell in the kitchen the next morning when Harry went
in for breakfast. It seemed to be coming from a large metal tub in the sink. He
went to have a look. The tub was full of what looked like dirty rags swimming in
gray water.
Whats this? he asked Aunt Petunia. Her lips tightened as they always
did if he dared to ask a question.
Your new school uniform, she said.
Harry looked in the bowl again.
Oh, he said, I didnt realize it had to be so wet.
Dont be stupid, snapped Aunt Petunia. Im dyeing some of Dudleys
old things gray for you. Itll look just like everyone elses when Ive finished.
Harry seriously doubted this, but thought it best not to argue. He sat
down at the table and tried not to think about how he was going to look on his
first day at Stonewall High  like he was wearing bits of old elephant skin,
probably.
Dudley and Uncle Vernon came in, both with wrinkled noses because of
the smell from Harrys new uniform. Uncle Vernon opened his newspaper as
usual and Dudley banged his Smelting stick, which he carried everywhere, on
the table.
They heard the click of the mail slot and flop of letters on the doormat.
Get the mail, Dudley, said Uncle Vernon from behind his paper.
Make Harry get it.
Get the mail, Harry.
Make Dudley get it.
Poke him with your Smelting stick, Dudley.
Harry dodged the Smelting stick and went to get the mail. Three things
lay on the doormat: a postcard from Uncle Vernons sister Marge, who was
vacationing on the Isle of Wight, a brown envelope that looked like a bill, and 
a letter for Harry.
Harry picked it up and stared at it, his heart twanging like a giant elastic
band. No one, ever, in his whole life, had written to him. Who would? He had no
friends, no other relatives  he didnt belong to the library, so hed never even
got rude notes asking for books back. Yet here it was, a letter, addressed so
plainly there could be no mistake:
Mr. H. Potter
The Cupboard under the Stairs
4 Privet Drive
Little Whinging
Surrey
The envelope was thick and heavy, made of yellowish parchment, and the
address was written in emerald-green ink. There was no stamp.
Turning the envelope over, his hand trembling, Harry saw a purple wax
seal bearing a coat of arms; a lion, an eagle, a badger, and a snake surrounding a
large letter H.
Hurry up, boy! shouted Uncle Vernon from the kitchen. What are you
doing, checking for letter bombs? He chuckled at his own joke.
Harry went back to the kitchen, still staring at his letter. He handed Uncle
Vernon the bill and the postcard, sat down, and slowly began to open the yellow
envelope.
Uncle Vernon ripped open the bill, snorted in disgust, and flipped over
the postcard.
Marges ill, he informed Aunt Petunia. Ate a funny whelk.
Dad! said Dudley suddenly. Dad, Harrys got something!
Harry was on the point of unfolding his letter, which was written on the
same heavy parchment as the envelope, when it was jerked sharply out of his
hand by Uncle Vernon.
Thats mine! said Harry, trying to snatch it back.
Whod be writing to you? sneered Uncle Vernon, shaking the letter
open with one hand and glancing at it. His face went from red to green faster
than a set of traffic lights. And it didnt stop there. Within seconds it was the
grayish white of old porridge.
P-P-Petunia! he gasped.
Dudley tried to grab the letter to read it, but Uncle Vernon held it high
out of his reach. Aunt Petunia took it curiously and read the first line. For a
moment it looked as though she might faint. She clutched her throat and made a
choking noise.
Vernon! Oh my goodness  Vernon!
They stared at each other, seeming to have forgotten that Harry and
Dudley were still in the room. Dudley wasnt used to being ignored. He gave his
father a sharp tap on the head with his Smelting stick.
I want to read that letter, he said loudly.
I want to read it, said Harry furiously, as its mine.
Get out, both of you, croaked Uncle Vernon, stuffing the letter back
inside its envelope.
Harry didnt move.
I WANT MY LETTER! he shouted.
Let me see it! demanded Dudley.
OUT! roared Uncle Vernon, and he took both Harry and Dudley by the
scruffs of their necks and threw them into the hall, slamming the kitchen door
behind them. Harry and Dudley promptly had a furious but silent fight over who
would listen at the keyhole; Dudley won, so Harry, his glasses dangling from
one ear, lay flat on his stomach to listen at the crack between door and floor.
Vernon, Aunt Petunia was saying in a quivering voice, look at the
address  how could they possibly know where he sleeps? You dont think
theyre watching the house?
Watching  spying  might be following us, muttered Uncle Vernon
wildly.
But what should we do, Vernon? Should we write back? Tell them we
dont want 
Harry could see Uncle Vernons shiny black shoes pacing up and down
the kitchen.
No, he said finally. No, well ignore it. If they dont get an answer
Yes, thats bestwe wont do anything
But 
Im not having one in the house, Petunia! Didnt we swear when we
took him in wed stamp out that dangerous nonsense?
That evening when he got back from work, Uncle Vernon did something
hed never done before; he visited Harry in his cupboard.
Wheres my letter? said Harry, the moment Uncle Vernon had squeezed
through the door. Whos writing to me?
No one. It was addressed to you by mistake, said Uncle Vernon shortly.
I have burned it.
It was not a mistake, said Harry angrily, it had my cupboard on it.
SILENCE! yelled Uncle Vernon, and a couple of spiders fell from the
ceiling. He took a few deep breaths and then forced his face into a smile, which
looked quite painful.
Er  yes, Harry  about this cupboard. Your aunt and I have been
thinkingyoure really getting a bit big for itwe think it might be nice if you
moved into Dudleys second bedroom.
Why? said Harry.
Dont ask questions! snapped his uncle. Take this stuff upstairs, now.
The Dursleys house had four bedrooms: one for Uncle Vernon and Aunt
Petunia, one for visitors (usually Uncle Vernons sister, Marge), one where
Dudley slept, and one where Dudley kept all the toys and things that wouldnt fit
into his first bedroom. It only took Harry one trip upstairs to move everything he
owned from the cupboard to this room. He sat down on the bed and stared
around him. Nearly everything in here was broken. The month-old video camera
was lying on top of a small, working tank Dudley had once driven over the next
door neighbors dog; in the corner was Dudleys first-ever television set, which
hed put his foot through when his favorite program had been canceled; there
was a large birdcage, which had once held a parrot that Dudley had swapped at
school for a real air rifle, which was up on a shelf with the end all bent because
Dudley had sat on it. Other shelves were full of books. They were the only
things in the room that looked as though theyd never been touched.
From downstairs came the sound of Dudley bawling at his mother, I
dont want him in thereI need that roommake him get out...
Harry sighed and stretched out on the bed. Yesterday hed have given
anything to be up here. Today hed rather be back in his cupboard with that letter
than up here without it.
Next morning at breakfast, everyone was rather quiet. Dudley was in shock.
Hed screamed, whacked his father with his Smelting stick, been sick on
purpose, kicked his mother, and thrown his tortoise through the greenhouse roof,
and he still didnt have his room back. Harry was thinking about this time
yesterday and bitterly wishing hed opened the letter in the hall. Uncle Vernon
and Aunt Petunia kept looking at each other darkly.
When the mail arrived, Uncle Vernon, who seemed to be trying to be nice
to Harry, made Dudley go and get it. They heard him banging things with his
Smelting stick all the way down the hall. Then he shouted, Theres another one!
Mr. H. Potter, The Smallest Bedroom, 4 Privet Drive 
With a strangled cry, Uncle Vernon leapt from his seat and ran down the
hall, Harry right behind him. Uncle Vernon had to wrestle Dudley to the ground
to get the letter from him, which was made difficult by the fact that Harry had
grabbed Uncle Vernon around the neck from behind. After a minute of confused
fighting, in which everyone got hit a lot by the Smelting stick, Uncle Vernon
straightened up, gasping for breath, with Harrys letter clutched in his hand.
Go to your cupboard  I mean, your bedroom, he wheezed at Harry.
Dudley  go  just go.
Harry walked round and round his new room. Someone knew he had
moved out of his cupboard and they seemed to know he hadnt received his first
letter. Surely that meant theyd try again? And this time hed make sure they
didnt fail. He had a plan.
The repaired alarm clock rang at six oclock the next morning. Harry turned
it off quickly and dressed silently. He mustnt wake the Dursleys. He stole
downstairs without turning on any of the lights.
He was going to wait for the postman on the corner of Privet Drive and
get the letters for number four first. His heart hammered as he crept across the
dark hall toward the front door 
AAAAARRRGH!
Harry leapt into the air; hed trodden on something big and squashy on
the doormat  something alive!
Lights clicked on upstairs and to his horror Harry realized that the big,
squashy something had been his uncles face. Uncle Vernon had been lying at the
foot of the front door in a sleeping bag, clearly making sure that Harry didnt do
exactly what hed been trying to do. He shouted at Harry for about half an hour
and then told him to go and make a cup of tea. Harry shuffled miserably off into
the kitchen and by the time he got back, the mail had arrived, right into Uncle
Vernons lap. Harry could see three letters addressed in green ink.
I want  he began, but Uncle Vernon was tearing the letters into
pieces before his eyes.
Uncle Vernon didnt go to work that day. He stayed at home and nailed
up the mail slot.
See, he explained to Aunt Petunia through a mouthful of nails, if they
cant deliver them theyll just give up.
Im not sure thatll work, Vernon.
Oh, these peoples minds work in strange ways, Petunia, theyre not like
you and me, said Uncle Vernon, trying to knock in a nail with the piece of
fruitcake Aunt Petunia had just brought him.
On Friday, no less than twelve letters arrived for Harry. As they couldnt go
through the mail slot they had been pushed under the door, slotted through the
sides, and a few even forced through the small window in the downstairs
bathroom.
Uncle Vernon stayed at home again. After burning all the letters, he got
out a hammer and nails and boarded up the cracks around the front and back
doors so no one could go out. He hummed Tiptoe Through the Tulips as he
worked, and jumped at small noises.
On Saturday, things began to get out of hand. Twenty-four letters to Harry
found their way into the house, rolled up and hidden inside each of the two
dozen eggs that their very confused milkman had handed Aunt Petunia through
the living room window. While Uncle Vernon made furious telephone calls to the
post office and the dairy trying to find someone to complain to, Aunt Petunia
shredded the letters in her food processor.
Who on earth wants to talk to you this badly? Dudley asked Harry in
amazement.
* * *
On Sunday morning, Uncle Vernon sat down at the breakfast table looking
tired and rather ill, but happy.
No post on Sundays, he reminded them cheerfully as he spread
marmalade on his newspapers, no damn letters today 
Something came whizzing down the kitchen chimney as he spoke and
caught him sharply on the back of the head. Next moment, thirty or forty letters
came pelting out of the fireplace like bullets. The Dursleys ducked, but Harry
leapt into the air trying to catch one 
Out! OUT!
Uncle Vernon seized Harry around the waist and threw him into the hall.
When Aunt Petunia and Dudley had run out with their arms over their faces,
Uncle Vernon slammed the door shut. They could hear the letters still streaming
into the room, bouncing off the walls and floor.
That does it, said Uncle Vernon, trying to speak calmly but pulling
great tufts out of his mustache at the same time. I want you all back here in five
minutes ready to leave. Were going away. Just pack some clothes. No
arguments!
He looked so dangerous with half his mustache missing that no one dared
argue. Ten minutes later they had wrenched their way through the boarded-up
doors and were in the car, speeding toward the highway. Dudley was sniffling in
the back seat; his father had hit him round the head for holding them up while he
tried to pack his television, VCR, and computer in his sports bag.
They drove. And they drove. Even Aunt Petunia didnt dare ask where
they were going. Every now and then Uncle Vernon would take a sharp turn and
drive in the opposite direction for a while.
Shake em offshake em off, he would mutter whenever he did this.
They didnt stop to eat or drink all day. By nightfall Dudley was howling.
Hed never had such a bad day in his life. He was hungry, hed missed five
television programs hed wanted to see, and hed never gone so long without
blowing up an alien on his computer.
Uncle Vernon stopped at last outside a gloomy-looking hotel on the
outskirts of a big city. Dudley and Harry shared a room with twin beds and
damp, musty sheets. Dudley snored but Harry stayed awake, sitting on the
windowsill, staring down at the lights of passing cars and wondering.
They ate stale cornflakes and cold tinned tomatoes on toast for breakfast the
next day. They had just finished when the owner of the hotel came over to their
table.
Scuse me, but is one of you Mr. H. Potter? Only I got about an undred
of these at the front desk.
She held up a letter so they could read the green ink address:
Mr. H. Potter
Room 17
Railview Hotel
Cokeworth
Harry made a grab for the letter but Uncle Vernon knocked his hand out of
the way. The woman stared.
Ill take them, said Uncle Vernon, standing up quickly and following
her from the dining room.
* * *
Wouldnt it be better just to go home, dear? Aunt Petunia suggested
timidly, hours later, but Uncle Vernon didnt seem to hear her. Exactly what he
was looking for, none of them knew. He drove them into the middle of a forest,
got out, looked around, shook his head, got back in the car, and off they went
again. The same thing happened in the middle of a plowed field, halfway across
a suspension bridge, and at the top of a multilevel parking garage.
Daddys gone mad, hasnt he? Dudley asked Aunt Petunia dully late
that afternoon. Uncle Vernon had parked at the coast, locked them all inside the
car, and disappeared.
It started to rain. Great drops beat on the roof of the car. Dudley sniveled.
Its Monday, he told his mother. The Great Humbertos on tonight. I
want to stay somewhere with a television.
Monday. This reminded Harry of something. If it was Monday  and
you could usually count on Dudley to know the days the week, because of
television  then tomorrow, Tuesday, was Harrys eleventh birthday. Of course,
his birthdays were never exactly fun  last year, the Dursleys had given him a
coat hanger and a pair of Uncle Vernons old socks. Still, you werent eleven
every day.
Uncle Vernon was back and he was smiling. He was also carrying a long,
thin package and didnt answer Aunt Petunia when she asked what hed bought.
Found the perfect place! he said. Come on! Everyone out!
It was very cold outside the car. Uncle Vernon was pointing at what
looked like a large rock way out at sea. Perched on top of the rock was the most
miserable little shack you could imagine. One thing was certain, there was no
television in there.
Storm forecast for tonight! said Uncle Vernon gleefully, clapping his
hands together. And this gentlemans kindly agreed to lend us his boat!
A toothless old man came ambling up to them, pointing, with a rather
wicked grin, at an old rowboat bobbing in the iron-gray water below them.
Ive already got us some rations, said Uncle Vernon, so all aboard!
It was freezing in the boat. Icy sea spray and rain crept down their necks
and a chilly wind whipped their faces. After what seemed like hours they
reached the rock, where Uncle Vernon, slipping and sliding, led the way to the
broken-down house.
The inside was horrible; it smelled strongly of seaweed, the wind
whistled through the gaps in the wooden walls, and the fireplace was damp and
empty. There were only two rooms.
Uncle Vernons rations turned out to be a bag of chips each and four
bananas. He tried to start a fire but the empty chip bags just smoked and
shriveled up.
Could do with some of those letters now, eh? he said cheerfully.
He was in a very good mood. Obviously he thought nobody stood a
chance of reaching them here in a storm to deliver mail. Harry privately agreed,
though the thought didnt cheer him up at all.
As night fell, the promised storm blew up around them. Spray from the
high waves splattered the walls of the hut and a fierce wind rattled the filthy
windows. Aunt Petunia found a few moldy blankets in the second room and
made up a bed for Dudley on the moth-eaten sofa. She and Uncle Vernon went
off to the lumpy bed next door, and Harry was left to find the softest bit of floor
he could and to curl up under the thinnest, most ragged blanket.
The storm raged more and more ferociously as the night went on. Harry
couldnt sleep. He shivered and turned over, trying to get comfortable, his
stomach rumbling with hunger. Dudleys snores were drowned by the low rolls
of thunder that started near midnight. The lighted dial of Dudleys watch, which
was dangling over the edge of the sofa on his fat wrist, told Harry hed be eleven
in ten minutes time. He lay and watched his birthday tick nearer, wondering if
the Dursleys would remember at all, wondering where the letter writer was now.
Five minutes to go. Harry heard something creak outside. He hoped the
roof wasnt going to fall in, although he might be warmer if it did. Four minutes
to go. Maybe the house in Privet Drive would be so full of letters when they got
back that hed be able to steal one somehow.
Three minutes to go. Was that the sea, slapping hard on the rock like
that? And (two minutes to go) what was that funny crunching noise? Was the
rock crumbling into the sea?
One minute to go and hed be eleven. Thirty seconds...twentyten
nine  maybe hed wake Dudley up, just to annoy him  threetwoone
BOOM.
The whole shack shivered and Harry sat bolt upright, staring at the door.
Someone was outside, knocking to come in.
HP 1 - Harry Potter and the
Sorcerer's Stone
CHAPTER FOUR
THE KEEPER OF THE KEYS
B OOM. They knocked again. Dudley jerked awake.
Wheres the cannon? he said stupidly.
There was a crash behind them and Uncle Vernon came skidding into the
room. He was holding a rifle in his hands  now they knew what had been in the
long, thin package he had brought with them.
Whos there? he shouted. I warn you  Im armed!
There was a pause. Then 
SMASH!
The door was hit with such force that it swung clean off its hinges and
with a deafening crash landed flat on the floor.
A giant of a man was standing in the doorway. His face was almost
completely hidden by a long, shaggy mane of hair and a wild, tangled beard, but
you could make out his eyes, glinting like black beetles under all the hair.
The giant squeezed his way into the hut, stooping so that his head just
brushed the ceiling. He bent down, picked up the door, and fitted it easily back
into its frame. The noise of the storm outside dropped a little. He turned to look
at them all.
Couldnt make us a cup o tea, could yeh? Its not been an easy journey.

He strode over to the sofa where Dudley sat frozen with fear.
Budge up, yeh great lump, said the stranger.
Dudley squeaked and ran to hide behind his mother, who was crouching,
terrified, behind Uncle Vernon.
An heres Harry! said the giant.
Harry looked up into the fierce, wild, shadowy face and saw that the
beetle eyes were crinkled in a smile.
Las time I saw you, you was only a baby, said the giant. Yeh look a
lot like yer dad, but yehve got yer moms eyes.
Uncle Vernon made a funny rasping noise.
I demand that you leave at once, sir! he said. You are breaking and
entering!
Ah, shut up, Dursley, yeh great prune, said the giant; he reached over
the back of the sofa, jerked the gun out of Uncle Vernons hands, bent it into a
knot as easily as if it had been made of rubber, and threw it into a corner of the
room.
Uncle Vernon made another funny noise, like a mouse being trodden on.
